Hi, this is Scott. I
really appreciate our sponsors because
they make the show possible.
Today's show is sponsored by
developer express, become a UI
superhero with dev express controls
and libraries. Deliver elegant.net solutions
that address customer needs today
by leveraging your existing knowledge,
you can build next generation
touch enabled solutions for tomorrow,
you can download your free
30 day trial@dxdothanselminutes.com. That's dx.hanselminutes.com
. This is Scott Hanselman.
This is another episode of
Hansel minutes today. I'm talking
with Jeff Cross from Norwell technologies.
Jeff is a former Googler
and a core committer on
the angular team. How are
you? I'm great. Thanks for
having me. Thanks for coming
on. So you used to
work for Google. Did you
work on angular while you
worked for Google? Like it
was conceived of and happened
while you were inside Google
while it was conceived of
before I joined Google, I
joined the angular team directly
when I came in 2013,
early 2013, I think, I
think the first commit was
actually by Michiko in 2009,
but it, at some point
between 2009, 2013 became a
project that he and a
couple others started taking seriously
and, and started using it
Google and building into a
real project. And by the
time I joined the team,
the community was already starting
to take notice and, and
get excited about it. So
I think there were, I
joined the team with a
couple other people and there
were only three people on
the team before we joined
was which was Mitch go
Igor and Victor. Wow. Those
are some names I to,
yeah, they're, they're all a
Slovak and Czech folks. So,
so they had to learn
to speak other languages when,
when the rest of us
joined the team. Oh, okay.
So, so now you're outside
of Google and you have
started your own company with
Victor. Sadkin called narwhal and
it's enterprise consulting for angular,
which is an interesting idea.
The idea that there's an
open source project out there,
and I don't know who
to yell at when it
goes wrong. You've given us
a company that we can
then yell at exactly. That's
that's. Our whole marketing strategy
is, is selling to CTOs
saying you can yell at
us when things go bad.
We may not be able
to do anything for you,
but, but you'll feel a
little better and we'll cash
your checks for you. So
it's a pretty good system.
So angular consulting, training support
for, for enterprise teams. So
if an enterprise is concerned
about bringing open source projects
like this into their environment,
no real real professionals to
help them with that. Yeah,
exactly. We saw kind of
this gap in, in the
market, Victor and I both
have consulting backgrounds and we
saw a lot of enterprises
already using angular, but we,
we knew there was an
opportunity to be kind of
this, this backup for these
teams or this kind of
connection between the, the community
and the core contributors of
angular and the teams using
it, who could really have,
could really benefit from some
more people who are more
directly associated with their projects,
have knowledge of their projects
and their teams, and can
be there for them when
they have questions or issues
that they need taken care
of. So there's lots of
Podcasts and resources and YouTube
and stuff out there where
people can learn about angular.
And we're in we're three
minutes into a podcast and
we've been saying angular, angular,
angular. And I'm sure that
there's a bunch of people
who listen to shows and
they hear angular and they
just keep thinking, wow, I
really need to learn this
thing. But when they go
around, they see these mixes
of JavaScript technologies and JavaScript
patterns that they're not familiar
with, mixed with HTML. They
see strings where they look
at a string and they
can't quite tell, am I
looking at JavaScript? Am I
looking at, so maybe we
can kind of back up
a little bit and get
some, some context. Cause I
think there's a class of
developer out there that has
done model view controller on
the server side. And they
have a general sense of
how, you know, models get
populated. The management work that
a controller does and then
how a view gets rendered.
But they do all of
that on the server side,
in the world of angular,
is it model view controller
on the client and it's
there to be a partner
with the server. You know,
it used to be, I
think when angular One was
kind of coming out, it
was called model view controller.
And then I think someone
at one point we were
more calling it. MVVM kind
of similar to Silverlight to
model because of the data
binding, right? I'm not sure
what, what model I would
call it. Now our wet
pattern I would call it.
I mean, it's actually, most
of the, the JavaScript framework
ecosystem has more consolidated on
this idea of components. So
which kind of encapsulate everything.
They encapsulate the view, the,
the model, the controller into,
into a single idea of
components. So they still have
those three parts in them,
but it's, it's less monolithic
than, than I think five
years ago, even how apps
were built in the client
and on the server where,
where you have kind of
your big application and everything
has its place within this
tree of your application. Now
we focused on this component
model, which is more composable,
more encapsulated, more contained, more
explicit contracts. So I've probably
just added more confusion to
what people already have. Well,
let's, let's well, let's tease
it apart. That's kind of,
that's kind of our job.
So when I go in
and make my first component,
that component being the combination
between some HTML and then
some class behind it that
helps kind of manage it
is, is the concept of
component. When I say import
component from angular, is that
an Angularism? Is that word
meaningful? Does it mean something
in JavaScript is the browser
Noah component means? Or is
that a magic word? So
this is this idea of
component. I think angular was,
I'll say is a pioneer
in the idea. We had
the idea of components in
angular. One, we call it
directives then and directives. Weren't
always components that could sometimes
be attached to other elements,
but that's, that's not important
here, but we, we were
one of the first frameworks
to have this idea of
built in where you could
define behavior, that would be
encapsulating component. And then you
could bring this component into
another view or another component
just by using an HTML
tag that you've specified for
that component. We worked with
the Chrome team and, and
have we all always have
talked with some other frameworks
like Amber as well about
this component idea. And so
the Chrome team sometime ago,
I'm not sure when, when
they really start working on
this, but they've been working
on a spec for, for
components in the, in HTML,
in the web platform for
some time. And that it's
comprised of lots of different
technologies, like custom elements, being
a big part of it,
where you can have elements
that you registered for specific
HTML tag, so that when,
when you, after you register
it, you can just put
this tag anywhere in your
document. And that custom element
will appear with all the
behavior that's associated with it.
So, and that's like in
a, even in Safari preview,
I think now they have
custom elements support. They've got
other parts of the web
component spec from the platform
available and other frameworks like
react and Amber Raylea, I
think, view they all, they
all have this idea of
writing your application as a
bunch of components that you've
composed together, that, that encapsulate
the behavior that you can
compose in different ways. Okay.
So teasing that apart. There's
for example, in HTML, no,
Scott hyphen menu tag, you
can't make an element that
is Scott hyphen menu. And
if you do, it'll just
be ignored because that's the
way Chanel has been. Since
the beginning of time, I
can make a component that
is the Scott hyphen menu
element. Describe how it's rendered,
give it behavior and start
using that tag as if
I just created a new
HTML element and it'll start
working immediately. Exactly. That to
old people like myself sounds
a lot like, like, just
as an example, like asp.net
web forms that we were
doing 20 years ago, except
it was on the work
happened on the server. Yep.
Yeah. You would have controls
in the web forms. So
what's up The difference between
a control with behavior and
a component with, with a
template and behavior? Are they,
or are they similar or
is that an offensive analogy?
No, but I had some
experience with, with web forms
and controls as far as
I they're pretty conceptually similar.
I couldn't tell you what,
where the lines are drawn
between, between the difference between
Okay. But it sounds like
we are, we are as
a community as a, as
an industry kind of like
exploring different we're poking at
this thing, trying to figure
out different directions. Exactly. Yeah.
So that's a good point
because I would say it's
based on a lot of
prior art, there's nothing really
original in the idea of
components or web components other
than how it's applied to
the web platform and how
it fits in. So yeah,
it's based on patterns that
have worked well in the
past with, with frameworks, like.net.
So, so then you've got,
you've got two way data
binding, right? You described that,
that template and you get
your two-way data binding, and
you said that that's kind
of like, Silverlight, it's comfortable
to people who are familiar
with, with MVVM and then
you've got dependency injection. Do
you have your own dependency
injection thing or is there,
is there some new, yes.
Six thing that we're doing?
No, I don't think there's
a, I don't think there's
anything in the standards process
right now regarding dependency injection.
Other than you could say
that the module specification that's
being worked out is loosely
related. It depends on injections.
So angular has angular one
and angular two point X
plus. So we try to
call it just angular instead
of calling it angular two,
that they both have different
dependency injection systems that we
wrote specifically for the framework,
the one and two being
more dynamic and more powerful
and supporting features like being
able to modify injectors for
children components and things like
that. But yeah, we've, we
have written our own. Actually
my, my partner, Victor wrote
most of the implementation for,
for angular two and a
D or dependency injection, we
call it D I is
a really powerful tool. It's,
it's powerful for how we
construct a framework and how
we inject things like getting
references to other components and
things like that. And also
being able to write services
that you can easily trust
the framework to go ahead
and instantiate and share between
your components and provide to
you when you need them.
So for using it in
your application is great, but
for testing it, it makes
mocking and that kind of
thing. So much more, so
much more easy, and so
much more of a first-class
philosophy of the framework that
you really have to go
out of your way, not
to do unit testing properly
with, with angular, because dependency
injection is so baked into
everything. Okay. So this is
the kind of framework where
as I run through source
code, if I'm doing it
right, I'm not going to
see me going new here,
new this, and new that
I'm not going to see
people new and stuff up
all the time. Exactly. Yeah.
That's, it's pretty infrequent to,
to see you in stanchion,
in classes, within components and
things like that, unless you're
not yet familiar with dependency
injection. Right. And then presumably
I wouldn't see like a
lot of factories like this
factory now that factory that
makes this objects and that
objects. Yeah. I mean, I
think in maybe in services
you would still have that
kind of pattern. Like you,
if you have a service,
that's interacting with an API
and you want to take
its data and cast it
as some kind of model
locally, then you may see
that kind of thing. But
within components, you probably wouldn't
see that pattern very much.
So where do you think
people get caught in the
weeds on, on angular? I
have my sense of where
I think things go where
things start to get difficult,
but I'm curious what you
think. Well, I think, I
think one of the biggest
things, no, the biggest learning
challenges with angulars is that
there's a lot to it.
We try to make it
a fully baked platform, especially
with angular too. When we
got into it, we wanted
to make it where it
would be easier to do
the right thing by default.
And by, by making that
decision, it meant we had
to take more ownership of,
of making all the different
parts of the framework. Great.
By that, I mean like
the router, the HTP library,
our testing utilities, even, even
getting more into like server,
like we need to be
more involved in how angular
can be pre-rendered so that
people who want fast, first
paints and want to be
able to pre-render something like
if you're a new site
or a blog or something
where you really want content
to be rendered on the
first request, we said, we
need to, we need to
take ours for these things
and make them work together.
And so as a byproduct
of that, there's kind of
this whole big landscape of
things that you can see
when you start to jump
into angular and not know
where to start and maybe
be overwhelmed and just intimidated
and say, I'm going to
go with something simpler, like
a library that I can,
I can build from a,
so we've, we've been trying
to work on that in
how we organize our docs.
And also just how we
communicate things like focusing on
the important core bits in
how we communicate things before
people get into the more
advanced things. But I'd say
just the sheer number of,
of things that are part
of the, you know, the
official angular project are, are
probably the biggest, the biggest
thing against us. And then
some of the concepts like
dependency injection, but they sound
intimidating or they sound complicated.
And you know, the implementation,
once you get into more
advanced things, there are some
things that require a little
bit of learning, but, but
it's actually a pretty simple
concept if you, if it's
taught properly or learned properly,
Right. There does seem to
be that issue around when
you have an opinionated framework
and it has a lot
of stuff. Do you go
and try to learn all
that? A lot of stuff
all at once, you know,
like, or do I just
start with the basics? Like,
so like just here's data
binding, here's the smallest little
bit of hello world. It
just seems like sometimes we
come upon angular examples when
it's like, okay, we've learned
hello world. Now here's an
example with 55 files. And
then I'm off in like
apps slash core Slack and
I'm just components and services
and modules. And I still
don't know what those three
things are, you know? Yeah.
Yeah. And another hard thing
is the web platform is
evolving so quickly too. And
we're trying to always stay
ahead of it, but it
adds some more complexity, the
tier process as well, because
we're, we're using IES modules
for one with we're using
TypeScript, which is based on
S modules and yes, 2015
and, and standards that are
already have already progressed to
a certain stage of the
standardization process. But so that
means you have to have
a build process. If you're
using things the way we
recommend you use them. And
so we've built angular, CLI
there's a whole team of
folks who work on that
in the community and on
the angular core team at
Google to try to get
around this. But even when
you UCLA, you're still generating
a lot of files and
you're trusting that CLI will
keep on built. We'll keep
on building things correctly for
you in serving them correctly.
You're you don't really touch
your build configuration or anything,
which is nice for beginners,
but, but then it's also
intimidating. If you look at
all these files and you
say, I don't know what
half these things do or
why they're here and I'm
afraid to touch anything. So
that's, it's kind of this
awkward phase of growth in
the web platform community that
I hope gets less awkward
as time goes on. You
know, I wrote a blog
post recently that you just
reminded me of that talked
about the different learning styles
of people and proposed an
idea that there are those
who learn from, from the
metal up assembly. And then
those who learned from the
glass on the screen back.
And when you think about
angular, I want to learn
about JavaScript and the child
virtual machine, and what's going
on inside while others want
to go and make hello,
world hit F 12. And
it's difficult to combine those
two learning styles into one
single, you know, here's how
to learn framework a yep.
So like I'm looking at,
you have this thing called
Klinker PLN, K r.co, and
it's like a pin bunker.
So it's, you know, it's
an online ID for, for,
and all of the angular
examples send me off there.
And it's a very much
a like let's learn angular
from inside the browser from
the class back. Sure. Which
makes a lot of sense.
But like then you brought
up an interesting point around
server side rendering of the
first page load. And then,
then I start wondering, well,
how does that happen? And
I want to dig in
underneath, let's talk about that
for a second. What does
that mean? That the server
side rendering of the first
page load and why does
that matter? Sure. So server
side rendering, there's a project
called universal that the community
members, Patrick JS Patrick Stapleton
has a real name. Everyone
calls him Patrick JS. He
and Jeff Wellesley worked on
this, I think starting at
probably over a year ago.
And it's, it's written a
node. And basically what it
is is it will take
your application module and it
will mock some things like
create a mock document in
the backend. I guess I'm
talking a little bit too
low level, but what the
end user experience is is
that I come to your
I've. Maybe somebody shared a
link to your new site
on Facebook or something, and
I click it. And as
soon as I hit your
site, there's content displayed right
away, even before any JavaScript
or anything has loaded. And
the reason why it works
is because we actually run
angular on the server and
we take the route that
you've requested and tell, and
we'll bootstrap your app for
that route on the backend,
and then serve the rendered
page to the client and
then download the rest of
the angular library and whatever
other dependencies you need. So
that as the user interacts
with your page and EULAR
takes over your page and
then can handle the other
user interactions. And from that
point forward, there's no more
requesting documents from the server.
As long as you have
this page open, it's just
you, you interacting with the
angular application as if it
wasn't pre-rendered at all. Okay.
So let me see if
I can parse what you
just said and paraphrase for
those that might, might not
have followed all of that.
That means that the very
first time I visit the
page, if I hit view
source, I'd see real tables
and real lists and real
HTML. Yes. But after that
moment, then it would be
done on the client side.
And I would, if I
clicked, for example, to sort
a table, that second click
would go and render the
table on the client side,
using angular, using templating, and
I'd be off running like
I'm running on Gmail with
a nice clean, fresh JavaScript
powered application. Exactly. And this
is useful for, for different
use cases. One is obviously
having fast renders for, for
everything is great. It's critically
important for things like content
sites like blogs and news,
but it's also useful for
search engine optimization, which sorts
of Google crawler and other
search engine crawlers have gotten
better about rendering JavaScript applications.
I actually started writing a
blog series on the narwhal
blog and gave a, a
meetup talk about this last
week where the, the browsers
now actually, you don't have
to have any pre rendering
and they can actually render
your application pretty well, but
it's not perfect. And you've
got to have a solid
application. It's gotta be fast
and navigate without bugs and
that kind of thing. So
in that case, and even
with other callers, like, like
being, being, I'm not sure
where they're at with how
they render JavaScript pages, but
with pre rendering, it's a
backup. So you can say,
okay, even if they can't
render my application with JavaScript,
they'll have the pre-rendered version
to fall back to, and
they can see the actual
content of the page index
it, and I'll be fine.
And the same is true
for scrapers like social media,
scrapers and readers, offline readers,
that kind of thing. If
you want to save your
page, those have varying abilities
of being able to render
dynamic JavaScript content so they
can see your pre-rendered page
scrap the thumbnails and the
content and that kind of
thing without, without you having
worry about it. So for
content heavy sites, pre rendering
is particularly important. So Is
this something that is done
without me having to think
about it? Or is this
something that I have to
be aware of? It's there
are certain choices you have
to make to support pre
rendering. Also, we have this
other feature, which I don't
want to get off on
a tangent, but we also
have it where you can
run your application on a
web worker. Both of these
have similar constraints because you
don't have access to the
real Dom. So if you're,
if you're doing things like
if you're getting a hold
of actual native elements in
your code or native objects
that are, that are only
in the window and Dom
context and not in node,
for example, are not in
a worker context, then your
code is probably going to
throw an exception when you
run it in universal or
an a worker. So angular
actually discourages you from directly
touching Dom, like a discourages
you from bringing in jQuery
and getting hold of elements
and that kind of thing,
and encourages you to abstract
everything in components and directives.
Sometimes there are legitimate reasons
why you do need to
touch the Dom. So, so
there are ways you can
work around those things and
universal that, but the way
most people would do it,
if you write an app
that works in the front
end and you're touching Dom
lots of places, and then
you bring universal, you're probably
going to break. And so
there are ways around it,
but we do try to
we're, we're always trying to
make it easier. We do
have providers in universal that
will replace the HTTP requests
with some, instead of using
XML, each peer requests that's
in the browser, we'll use
nodes backend to make HTP
requests. Same with a browser.
API is like location. It
creates a node version of
that, so that it just
works automatically. And if you
have a simple enough app
and you're, you're keeping within
the bounds that angular sets
for you, then it might
just work out a box,
but there's a lot, there's
a learning curve to it
right now. So honest, honest
question, not, not a troll,
but how helpful As far
as, too far, like how
far are we, how far
is going to the point
where we're trying to make
a framework work on the
web where the web just
doesn't want it to work
that way? Like how much
of this is a polyfill
for the internet itself versus
like, you know, this is
just a clever thing and
move on, you know, like,
I guess I'm trying to
understand, like, that sounds pretty
intense and maybe the internet
doesn't want to work that
way. And, you know, are
we in a place where
we've had to fight to,
to make that work? Or
is this, am I making
a bigger deal out of
this than it is? I'd
say they're pre rendering, I
think is a, that's a,
that's a tough question. I
mean, so pre-rendered for one,
I don't think every app
needs to do it. I
think it's probably a small
subset of apps that actually
need to worry about this,
like a banking app and
really interactive things, dashboards, CRMs,
those kinds of things, pre
rendering. You don't need to
worry about you'll have good
performance if you do everything
else, right. We're able to
load quickly and the user
will feel, feel, things are
responding nicely when it gets
into other things in the
browser. There's a lot that's
that I think could still
stand to be solved in
the browser itself. Like web
workers are kind of a
difficult thing because they're the
only way to do threading
or multithreading and the browser
right now, or something that
looks like multithreading where you
can, you can unblock the
UI thread. But I think
browsers are always looking at
ways to make it work,
but to improve performance of
the UI thread and find
new ways where they can
in a backwards compatible way,
improve performance, but, but in
those areas, and also in
simplifying how assets and things
get loaded in the browser,
being able to have more
control over priority of loading
of things and, and also
just educating people more on
things as they come about
in the browser. I think
there's, there's still a lot
of work to be done
to, to simplify that and,
and make it more accessible
to developers. So you said
That it's running angular on
the server side, it's using
node to do it. I
know that asp.net core and
Steve Sanderson have integrated angular
into asp.net. So you can
have server side rendering. Does
that imply they could do
it in any language theoretically?
Yeah, so I, I, as
far as I know, Steve's
implementation was proxying over to
a node process that would
serve it and render it,
which is a really good
approach. And that's, that's basically
what, what I recommend to
people who need to support
other languages. A lot of
I've talked with people who've
just rolled it out because
it runs a node, but
I've said, you know, there
are, there are JavaScript implementations
in other languages. You could
try to port it to
NAS horn on Java, for
example. But even if you
can't serve it on the
front end, it's usually possible
that you could have a
node process running that you
could just communicate with, you
know, proxy request to it,
get the render document back
and do something with it.
So, yeah, and there have
been integrations with different, different
libraries and frameworks using that
approach. And also just there
have been some that, that
don't even use the node
process and just tie into
angulars on a compiler and,
and a renderer to take
templates of different languages. Like
some, somebody had it with
Drupal twig templates where you
could, I forget which way
it went, but they had
an integration where you could
write angular components and they
would essentially be output as
Drupal twig templates that Drupal
could render natively without anything
having to intercede. There were
some constraints to make that
kind of thing work, but,
but there's a lot of
possibilities just with the way
angular is abstracted, because it
needs to support pre rendering
and web workers. We have
this nice abstraction between the
application logic and the rendering
logic, where you can basically
swap out the renderer for
anything. It allows a lot
of cool things like native
script as well, where you
can render the app natively,
but run your application, JavaScript
code on, in a native
application. Well, that's a good
Actually not native script, but
thinking about alternative scripts and
that that's actually a good
entree into a TypeScript. So
when I write angular two
or angular, now TypeScript is
just assumed. Correct. It's it's
the default The choice, but
it's not the only choice.
Okay. So it's a default
choice and that's, that's not
that's okay. Right? Like it's
the default choice because you
all like it and you
think it's a good thing
and maybe people should start
using it, but you're not,
you're not requiring it in
any way. Yeah. So you'll
have the best time if
you use TypeScript Pretty much
have the best time. I
like that. Yeah. So all
on the angular.io, the main
site for angular, it almost
all the examples. The default
is TypeScript like the code
samples and the guides and
stuff. But we, I think
we have tabs for
and somebody was working on
S 2015 or six tabs.
I'm not sure if that's
in there right now, but
so we have it where
you can see the different
ones, but once you get
beyond our official docs and
you look more blog articles
and things in the community,
everyone else is just doing
everything in TypeScript. And when
I do things, I just
do it in TypeScript because
it's a little bit more
work for me to, to
support yes. Five. And we've
seen most of the community
happily jump onto TypeScript. So,
so it's kind of just
become the de facto thing.
Even, even though we have
on the official doc, some
other ways, you're going to
see most content around TypeScript,
so better just to embrace
it and love it. Like
we all do, and you'll
be happier for it. Has
it, has it changed your
relationship to JavaScript? Did you
ever like writing TypeScript and
then you find yourself off
and a regular text editor
just doing JavaScript and you're
like, Oh shoot. I'm not
in, yeah, it's a, It
is harder. Like I find
myself making more mistakes if
I have to write without
it, like I use vs
code as my editor. And
it's actually pretty good. Even
when I'm writing Java script
now of, you know, taking
type information that knows about
libraries because they have TypeScript
definitions for that library. So
even if I'm writing a
plain JavaScript, it can also
help me in for types
and use the API properly.
So even when not using
types of your festival get
benefits from TypeScript. But if
I'm, if I don't have
any help at all, then
I find myself just kind
of not knowing what to
do. I've got really spoiled.
Are you a believer that,
that IntelliSense rots your brain
and makes you stupid? No.
Yes. No. Like, yes, but
it's okay. Like, you know,
it's like caffeine, right? It's
a drug, but it's okay.
And we all use it.
Yeah. I mean, I worked
with.net developers in the past
who, you know, they, they
seem sharp even after using
IntelliSense. So I wasn't too
biased against it. Yeah. Thank
you. I respect that. That's
cool. One question. When I
go and Google for angular,
I find angular js.org, and
then I find angular.io. Are
they both? The angular team
is one, 1.01. I don't
understand why there's two and
I don't know which one
to start at. Yeah. Yeah.
It's, it's tricky because when
we started with angular two,
as most of the community
knows we did a full
rewrite of the framework. We
decided to still call it
angular because we were carrying
over the same philosophies, a
lot of the same semantics
of how the framework works.
And so we, instead of
calling it angular JS, we
called it angular. And since
so many people were already
on angular one, you know,
over a million developers, I'm
not sure what the number
is now, but it was
quite a substantial number of
people relying on anchor one.
We wanted to keep it
as its own ecosystem and
let it keep growing. Let
it keep evolving. There's a
team of people behind it
led by Pete Baker and
Darwin. And so we said,
okay, we'll keep this as
annual js.org. We're not going
to try to fit the
new thing we're doing into
what's already there so that
we don't slow it down
and complicate things. You know,
that's debatable whether or not
we complicated things. And so
we decided to create angular.io
as the, the new site
and, and to call it
angular and call the old
thing JS. So angular.io is
the official thing. It's the
thing we're pushing now. It's
only angular angular two point
X plus anger js.org is,
is going to remain is
going to be just focused
on one TEDx. I know
it's confusing and there's probably
some work that could be
done to, to distinguish it
a little bit better. Maybe
some cross-linking on the homepage
of the site or something,
but I don't know, just
a big giant like yeah.
Banner in the corner would
be fine. Is this where
you meant to be? Exactly.
Looks like maybe Clippy could
come out. So, okay. So
if I go to angular
to Ohio though, I've also
got angular material, which gets
you 22 components. And this
is where I think that
productivity really starts happening. Like
it's like bootstrap for angular
and it's, it's gorgeous. And
it's like, it's impossible to
make an ugly app. It's
hard. At least it's hard
to make an ugly app
if you're using the material
components and the style sheets.
Yeah. They, and they do
a really good job. They
they've got a team at,
on the Google team who
just focuses on material. They
they're involved with the framework
as well. Like they, they
contribute different things like Kara
on the material team has
done a lot with forms
and other parts of the
core framework, but they, they
focus a lot on really
high quality code. They do
a lot of pairing and
discussing of how things are
implemented. So people look at
these components and they may
think it's just CSS and
whatever this is. Why is
it taking so long to
make these components? But they
put a lot of thought
and making sure it's true
to the spec, making it
usable, making it flexible enough
for people to do things
with it, how they will.
And yeah, it's really impressive.
What they've been able to
do both on the angular
material one and angular material
too, which a lot of
them contributed on both. Very
cool. Well, thanks for chatting
with me today. Yeah. Thanks
for having me. This is
fun. So folks can check
Jeff out at twitter.com/ Jeff B. Cross
and nor wall is in
our w L a and
that's underscore IO or.io depending.
And a angular of course,
is@angular.io. And you can go
and check out the angular
CLI and then if you're
a.net developer, we just added.net
new angular. So you can
get in on the phone
as well. This has been
another episode of Hanselminutes and
we'll see you again next
week. .